Okay.
I don't know if you had seen this.
I'll gladly give you a copy.
I love one.
I do this completely myself.
I mean, I do the scanning, the layout, of course, the writing, and then I printed myself on a color copier.
You do that?
Yes, uh-huh.
And the only thing I don't do in-house is the binding, really.
So this allows me to do very small runs of catalogs.
I can economically print 100 copies or 200 copies.
And so you have a completely new facility of doing catalogs.
Also books, I mean, it would be the same thing, and also, I mean, I don't know if this will be a general way of doing it, but of course it changes completely, even some things which we are very fond of, like issue points or things like that, because you're changing constantly.
I mean, you know, if I sell a book, I can take it out, I can look in a new one, or I find an error, I correct it.
That's right.
But of course, once it's printed, then there would be issue points and things like that.
Yes, but I mean, there would be so many that it's no longer an issue, I think, because at any point, I mean, after 10 copies you can change, or I mean, it becomes very fragmented.
It's almost the way books were printed when they were invented, because they were constantly making corrections as they look at the Gutenberg Bible, any number of different
Or even the Shakespeare folios are constantly changing points for points.
Exactly.
Because they would make discoveries as they went along, and they would correct them.
But that's beautiful color separation, I have to say.
You do that here?
Yes.
That's amazing.
That's wonderful.
What I'm really kind of interested in are a number of things, but I'm interested in writing a chapter that...
give some sense of the scholar bookseller.
A bookseller like yourself, you just start with this catalog right here.
You do all this work, all the research, all of the writing.
And if we could just have a general discussion, first of all, I understand you started mainly as a collector, is that right?
Yes, that's correct, yes.
And could you just, you're a lawyer, I believe, by training, is that right?
Actually, I'm now into my third life, so to speak.
The family I come from had an industrial company, electroplating company, which my father had founded and brought to considerable success.
And when I went to university,
didn't really think or feel that I would want to go into the company.
Fortunately, I had very little inclination towards chemistry or physics or any science which would have been useful in that field.
So on the other hand, the field I was most attracted to would have been
the study of the English language but I felt too practical to do this because the venues opening up with that field of study to me seemed very limited so I decided to go into law.
you know at the time I thought well if you study English you can only become a teacher and I mean teacher I felt wasn't a very attractive choice although now I have to say that I only found this out when I had a son of course teachers in Switzerland are among the most highly paid highly
regarded people with enormous amounts of holidays and whatever so the best old age pensions that you can think of so from that point of view it wouldn't have been such a bad choice but still I'm sure that this wouldn't have been the right thing for me to do so as I said I went into law and
I graduated and I went to... Where was this?
Where did you study?
In Zurich, yes.
At the university?
Yes.
Well, you know, in law, you're somewhat limited in choice because after all, you have your local law, so that didn't afford me the possibility to study elsewhere.
You mentioned, let me just interrupt for a second, you said that you were interested in the study of the English language.
In what respect, as a...
As literature, or the language itself?
As literature, yes, as literature.
I think so.
I think your fact is finished.
It must have been a long... It was the whole article, I think.
All right, we're back on it again.
So you were talking about... So you did go and study the law?
And then I went to court, which is a prerequisite for becoming a lawyer here.
I suppose it's the same in America.
And of course, when I saw the field of law, I saw that, I mean, the battle amongst lawyers is quite heavy.
So eventually, when the time came, I decided to go into the family business after all.
and so i did run this for for a good 20 years i think what was it what's the name of the business uh it's flumen yes and uh in the good times it was it was a very attractive business because we were uh technologically positioned very high and i had lots of opportunities to go to the states and other places um but
Then it became more difficult and four years ago I had the chance to sell it and get out and start in this.
So you've only been in this for four years then?
Well, on my own, fortunately, I don't know, most people know it.
Yeah, I think I know what you're going to do.
Go ahead.
Yes, you know, ten years ago I associated with Tenshirt.
on this company where you will go and see him when we did this for him it was a second company in Switzerland and for me it was a sideline it was more of a hobby I mean to have a share part in his business it came about through various coincidences but I was
disposed to do this at the time that he needed a Swiss partner because otherwise he couldn't have set it up and that we had grown to know each other and become friends so that was a good occasion to do this but at the point where I realized that I would now want to do this as a living
It was also very clear to me that I would have to do it on my own because I have never worked under someone in my life and I wasn't going to start now.
Especially when you're picking a career that is strictly because you love it.
Yes.
I mean, if you're going to pick a career to be a very profitable one, this is not...
the one people would normally start in.
You usually pick books because you love the books, would be my guess.
So, I mean, actually, I think this has influenced both my position and his situation, because at the point where I got out of the company, he decided to move the center of his operation to Switzerland, and
Also through the years we had done this, the attitude of the authorities towards him had changed.
I suppose he'll tell you about this, but Schofhausen is a small canton and he resides in one of the foremost residences they have out there.
So at the beginning they were very suspicious and eventually they started to accept him so he could move this and now he has his
main seat of business there.
I don't really want to talk about him, but did you know him from buying books from him?
That's right.
That's interesting to me.
You must have been collecting at that time.
Indeed, yes.
I had started, I'm sure, a good ten years before he started to deal.
and actually this is a story where we always have a good laugh about it because when i got his first catalog i thought there must be something wrong here because somebody out in deepest bavaria is not ever gonna have that kind of book must be either terrible copies or something wrong with him and i think it took him several
catalogs to convince me at least to travel out there and have a look at things.
And that's when our relationship started.
And I very early on realized that there was an extraordinary personality in the book business there who was going to become big.
I was always convinced of that.
How long has he been in business?
About 20 years now, I see.
What kinds of books were you collecting at the time?
Well, I started collecting with French Illustrated Romantics in the 19th century.
And what was there, you said when you saw his first catalogs, you were skeptical that he could have the quality that he was suggesting.
Yes, or that I was looking for.
That you were looking for.
Yes.
So tell me a little bit about the kinds of books that you first layered.
Clearly then, a book for you I think has to be
It's darn near perfect for you to... That's right, yes.
That condition is exceedingly important to you.
Uh-huh, that's right.
Is that right?
You gathered that.
These are the books of your collection here?
No, these are the books that are for sale.
I see.
Do you still collect, or have your books gone into stock now?
I made a very clear decision about this, because...
We all know about the French book dealers who put some books in the back and sell the others and I think that basically you have to give your client the best choice.
So I did keep my personal field of collecting which are the 19th century French romantics.
I put everything else in the company, and everything I buy goes into stock.
Was that a hard decision for you to make, to take books that you had acquired for yourself and that you loved, apparently?
To my own surprise, it wasn't hard at all, actually.
With very few exceptions, maybe.
Sometimes, but not very often, I feel a certain pain when a book goes, because also the way I choose books, usually when one copy goes, I know that I'm not very likely to see another one like that in my life, and I've become very much aware of this, especially recently when I find that
It's quite tough to find enough stock at a certain level.
Can you think of a few books offhand that, in particular, that really you looked at and said, well, this may be the last time I handled a book like this.
Anything come to mind?
I think I would have to look at my...
sales list stuff, and anyhow, I have to say, the major difference between Tangent and me, apart from anything else, is that he has a fabulous memory, and my memory is rather bad.
I'm lost without my computer.
But to expand on this, actually, I found it very satisfying to be able to
raise the enthusiasm of someone else about the book I like, I mean, to see that you share this with someone, to see that someone else is also willing to part with a considerable amount of money, I find that very satisfying on the one hand, and then also it's always a prerequisite because usually you have something else in mind which you can only buy if you sell this, so
I think maybe after 20 years also you find out that you do not have to possess everything.
I mean, it is satisfying enough to have owned it at one point.
That it's passed through your head?
Yes.
And the kinds of books you sell are still different from the books that you collect, right?
So the books that you sell, you focus in what areas then?
also illustrated books.
I have to say that when I started out with the company, I had the intention of having a focus which went from the illustrated book of the 15th to the 20th century.
In the meantime, I've had to realize that it has become so hard in Cunabula, for instance, to get any
stock which makes it worse for a client to come by or I don't know what.
But I have left the older books left out the way.
Sixteenths and seventeenths is maybe not so attractive anyhow, very limited so that today I would say that my field is eighteenth to twentieth century illustrated books by which I mainly understand illustrated literature or
And then, to a certain extent, literature and bindings, which I like.
What are the qualities that you think are essential to be a successful bookseller?
What do you need in addition to being a collector?
That's an interesting question, and I'm not sure if it really has an answer, because sometimes when I look at my colleagues or I look at myself, there are so many different characters.
I mean, there are shy people, there are aggressive people, there are people which I find rather unattractive, so to speak.
but everyone has his clientele in a way, so... I'm sorry.
So... Frankly, qualities of a bookseller, I think, as far as I'm concerned, I just try to be myself, really.
I try to...
to listen to people, to transmit a certain enthusiasm.
Let's talk a little bit about how you became, again you told me a little bit about your background, and before going to university you thought you'd like to be a teacher, that would be my guess.
I just thought that if I would choose my favorite field of study... It would be literature.
It would be literature, and that would only leave me the choice of teaching and... Or writing or whatever.
Or writing, yes.
Were you always... Did you love books from the time you were a boy?
Almost, yes.
Were you always a collector?
I'm not like Justin Schiller.
I didn't start collecting that early, actually.
I just read a great deal up to, I mean, from quite a nerdy age.
So I was just generally very fond of books, and at the same time I was always quite fond of art.
And I think at one point I had this...
a thing which we called in German, A-ha.
How do you spell that?
A-ha.
Oh, A-ha, okay.
That's easy enough.
Which was the point when I suddenly realized that...
will help me here.
Go ahead.
Okay, so when I had this aha leaveness, I realized that illustrated books were the perfect combination of my two loves, literature and art.
This is now when you're deciding to be a bookseller?
No, to be a collector.
I see, okay.
And...
How would you describe your collection?
Excellent, one of the best?
Did it matter to you that you had to have... Were you competitive, I guess, is what I'm talking about?
Would you consider yourself a competitive collector?
Well, probably everyone is to a certain extent, but it was even somewhat different.
When I started collecting, I was just like, I was 30, almost 30 years old.
And like most people, I think, I made the mistake which you can make in books where you think you can get a cheap copy.
You're clever, you buy cheaper than the other person.
And so I collected also.
I mean, I didn't have the means at the time.
I collected books for a few hundred dollars to maybe $2,000 for about three years, I think.
Then I came across some better copies and I wanted to have the better copy and I wanted to sell the lesser copy which was greeted with a great deal of disinterest by the dealer or dealers at the time which I thought was rather humiliating.
So that was really the major influence when I said
From now on, I'm only going to buy books of a quality where the dealer will get down on his knees and beg if I want to sell.
That's a wonderful quote.
I love that, yeah.
Of course, they never do that, but... They never do that, but they certainly demonstrate their enthusiasm.
And they don't dick them over prices either, right?
Exactly.
So that was, I think, what was the major influence on my...
aptitude in collecting, apart from the fact that I think, as a family, we have always been rather meticulous and perfectionist.
This goes through my whole family.
Strangely enough, there are many Virgos.
I'm a Virgo, my wife is a Virgo, our friends are Virgos, Tenshirt is a Virgo.
Despite the fact that I do
put no stock whatsoever.
I don't believe it.
You put tremendous stock in it.
Do Virgos tend to be very meticulous people?
That's what they say, yes.
How about Geminis?
Well, probably, but I don't think they're scatterbrained like me.
So in any case, whether I put stock in it or not, I do conform to the
preconception one has of the work.
So on a superficial level at least, you certainly see some consistency of the pattern.
When you were collecting, did you have a list of things that you wanted, or did you mainly see things and decide that you wanted them?
Did you have a scheme in your head as to what the collection should involve?
Not so much, no.
I mean, of course, like the French Romantics, you have a certain thing.
For instance, I looked for copies on China papers.
That gives you, in a sense, a certain list of books that you would like to have.
Basically, I was very eclectic.
I was very much governed with what I liked, with what I saw.
I was really able to go for something completely different just because I liked it.
Also, as I said, I started in the 19th century, then I went up to Art Nouveau, French books of the turn of the century, Bindings.
Then I went back to the 18th century, then I went further back, and then I went again up towards more modern, like the 30s, Schmid, and people like that, to maybe not quite that much, although I have a few, but usually it stops around the 40s or 50s.
When you were collecting, did you research the books that you purchased the way you now have to research them as a bookseller?
Did you do kind of bibliographical inquiries?
Did you expect the person you were buying the book from to do all that?
Generally speaking, of course, you always derive a certain pleasure by doing some research on the book, but I'm
I was more governed by, as they say, by the heart than by the intellect usually in my decisions.
Beauty, in other words.
Yes.
But now as a bookseller, look, you show me this catalog where you do everything.
There must be some satisfaction in that you totally produce these catalogs.
Yes, of course.
Is that a new kind of satisfaction for you?
Yes, very much.
I mean, an intellectual satisfaction.
Indeed, yes.
And do you feel that you probably know more about the books now as a bookseller than you ever possibly could have known as a collector?
That's possible, too, isn't it?
Oh, yes.
I mean, it grows all the time, and at the same time, you realize that you know very little.
It's, of course...
I had a thought and I lost it.
Forgive me.
I think the jet lag is finally catching up to me.
Where do you find books now to acquire for stock?
That must be difficult.
Before, I assume you worked mainly through booksellers.
The books you bought for your collection, you acquired from booksellers.
Now you have to evolve a whole different process, don't you?
Well, without naming names, I'm just curious.
No, no.
Obviously, I'm not interested in doing anything, but in general, how do you now develop, and then also just how you develop a clientele?
Yes.
What do you do into the business at this level?
Gradually, I think.
I mean, the clientele.
great deal of luck in starting and having some good friends in the business which helped me with the client base as they say in the States so I was able to do immediately some mailings to a considerable amount of people which gave me enough potential clients actually that allowed me to start and
Now I see that over the years, this gradually evolves.
I do fairs, which I think is one of the best ways of doing it.
Very good to meet people.
So I gradually develop my own clientele.
This wasn't actually as difficult as I might have thought.
Well, I think our friend Priscilla says, there's a movie about...
Baseball, I forget the name of it.
If you build it, they will come.
Remember that?
Yes.
I know she likes that movie.
Isn't it Bull Durham?
No, it's Field of Dreams.
Field of Dreams.
Exactly.
If you build it, they will come.
And essentially, if you have the beautiful books, the clients will find you.
Yes.
Is that a fair statement?
If you have the beautiful books... To a certain extent, I mean...
My colleagues tell me that five years ago or ten years ago it was much easier.
Now I have to say they don't just come.
I mean, you really have to go out and get them.
You can no longer afford to just... Put out your list.
Yeah, waiting for the phone to ring.
And how often do you do catalogs?
Two to three a year.
Although they vary.
I mean, it can be like this.
I mean, these were the first ones, which I did in the traditional manner, which was exceedingly expensive.
Then maybe a smaller specialized catalog.
What I really do now on these catalogs,
works quite well, is that I do two editions.
Oh, you do?
This is sort of the deluxe edition, and this is the regular edition, which has just a few pictures and no color.
Well, that's smart.
I think so, because as you must realize, the number of people who buy at that level isn't that big, so
What I do is that my clients get this catalog free and potential clients get it free and the other ones get this one and if they want to have this one they have to pay for it.
So far it seems to have worked.
Also I have to say that I find no recognizable pattern of buying between cheap and expensive catalogs.
I couldn't say that I necessarily sell more books out of an expensive catalog than, for instance, sometimes I do, for the fairs, I do smaller lists, and sometimes they do just as well as the expensive catalog.
It's what's in it, doesn't it?
Of course, your reputation is to want to have beautiful books.
Yes.
Well, but of course, at this level, I think some people expect you to do it.
It's the expectation.
Exactly, yes.
Attention apparently does catalogs that sell for like $100 and $150, isn't that right?
Yes, I mean, well, but I mean, what he does, I mean, this is like, I couldn't even compare, I mean, like, I mean, he does
photography, printing of the highest achievable quality.
I know that he spent several hundred thousand dollars on a catalog.
It's really almost unique in book selling, isn't it, what he does?
As far as the luxury of the catalogs goes, there are two people who do something similar, which might be
Gunther in Germany and Surgey in France.
Where would you say most of the business is these days?
European customers?
For me, yes.
Not in Switzerland, but in Europe are my clients.
It's frustrating that I have not yet been able to build up a clientele in the States.
Really?
I may not have the good addresses, or I don't know what it is.
But in any case, I've decided to go to the New York Book Fair in spring to see if I can get some clients there.
clientele to speak of in England either, which I don't know what the problem is there.
But generally speaking, the English book business seems to be in a state of change.
Of course, but the books are wonderful.
You would think that if there are collectors for these kinds of books, this is all stuck here, right?
And you still have a personal collection?
Mm-hmm.
And that's not here, of course.
No.
No, that's good.
What do you think, just in general, and this is not for quotation, but just what areas do you think would be really interesting for me to pursue with Mr. Tentrick from the standpoint of a writer?
Mm-hmm.
What is the most interesting story about
his operation.
What do you think readers would find particularly interesting about him?
I'm just looking for some areas to shut down a little bit.
Anyway, I'd love for you to show me some of your books.
Can you do that?
Yes, of course.
I promise I won't have my pen out.
I'll put it away.
Am I dressed okay, by the way, if I go into ten shirts like this?
I left my big valise at the hotel.
Magnificence.
Well, I mean, maybe first I'll begin with the layout.
This is the corner where I had the old books, which has become very much reduced, as you can see.
Of course, some of the
The Mayapotum is also governed by their size.
I have a Schädel, which by now I find completely boring because it's such a frequent book.
Here I have German press books, mostly for early illustrated German books, continuing with older German illustrated books.
going to look to the French illustrative books, 18th century, some Elseviers, which again... Which are the Elseviers?
The little ones there.
Yes, some of the little ones, which are again, maybe more, you know, maybe more governed by the whole than by necessarily by the content.
That's gorgeous.
And of course today I find, you know,
is very much interested in these anymore.
Look at the conditions.
It's Courtland Bishop.
Maybe I can pick out a few books.
One project which I have at this point is a catalogue about Dance of Death, which, however, will only contain three pieces
three important dances of death, starting with Holbein, and then I have an early manuscript of the dance of death, which was influenced by this Basel dance of death, which again was inspired by Holbein.
You know the Basel dance of death?
And then there was an interesting 18th century dance of death by Swiss artist Schellenberg, who was very
a well-known artist in Switzerland, maybe not so much outside.
It is widely known because it has a plate showing what is considered to be the first aerial accident.
Really?
Yes.
As a matter of fact, I offered it to the Huntington for their ballooning collection, and they already had it.
Oh, look at that.
And what's the date on this?
It's 1785.
Wow.
That's amazing.
And I have all the original drawings for these illustrations.
So this is going to make a very nice theme catalog, and I have a German university.
who's a young woman who's specializing in the ends of death.
We will write a comment on that.
And this is off the end.
She's only asking 2,000 notes.
She's very good, actually.
That's terrific.
This is what is considered to be the largest known copy of the Holbein.
Oh, that is gorgeous.
Magnificent.
And this is in a... This belonged to Payet, the famous French collector.
How do we spell?
P-A-I-L-L-E-T.
Oh, okay, sure.
And... This was by Marie-S-Michelle.
Oh, wow.
Some people love it, some hate it.
Because, of course, it's macabre.
Well, it's not only macabre, but it's inspired by the early bindings.
It's, of course, reinterpretation.
I see what you're saying, yeah.
Yeah.
Very fine boccaccio from the La Mignon Library.
So provenance is very important, isn't it?
Yes.
Gulliver printed on vellum.
On Gulliver in vellum?
I mean the French one, of course.
Beautiful.
How long have most of these been in stock?
Do you move a lot of the stock, or is it... The book would be best if you did... The book is, of course, formed by my collection and by what I have been able to buy in the past four years.
So it's...
Not everything has been in the catalog, so I'm still, you know, I'm still moving this.
I don't constantly, fortunately, have to move my complete stock or whatever.
So you're still enjoying them as a collector, in other words?
In a way, yes.
In a way, yeah.
They are perfectly, you are perfectly organized in place.
Beautiful.
This is maybe the finest copy of the very...
I thought of the Swiss book of the 18th century, the Zordel album, which is The Views of Switzerland, with a great deal of engravings.
It's four volumes, right?
What was the date on that again?
17.
That's okay, don't bother.
It's a couple hundred years old.
Yes, it's 18th century.
and the lithographs there, some beautiful lithos.
These are beautiful, which they, due to their size, are very difficult to sell.
Oh, my God.
Spectacular binding.
Wow.
Magnificent.
Book of that size.
Large folder.
Yeah, so this one has to be a large folder.
That's almost a double elephant photo, isn't it?
I can't help you.
I can barely lift up my own briefcase.
You'll have to forgive me.
Oh, my God.
It's...
Coronation of King George IV, printed by John Whittaker in real gold.
Wow.
Oh, my goodness.
It's from the collection of the dukes.
Oh.
That's the one for painted arms.
Oh, my God.
That is amazing.
Duke of Newcastle.
And how old is this?
This is 18... 23, I'm sorry.
Wow.
How many copies of that exist?
Very few.
Ten or...
Look at that.
You know that Mr. Crow printed two books in gold.
The other one was the Magna Carta, which I had a copy at one time.
And to do this printing, he had to exert a great deal of force.
So he eventually broke his press.
And well,
And that's, the binding is?
It's almost contemporary in English.
And that's all, oh, wow.
That's magnificent.
Was that from your own collection?
Yes.
Yeah.
I figured it's beautiful.
You'll have to forgive me, I can't help you.
And then these are more like the French books, which I very much like.
I just did this catalog on the bindings of Marius Michel, which was my last catalog, which has all these bindings, French music.
That is gorgeous.
You do all that yourself.
That's amazing.
So you scan.
You have your own computer scanner.
And so you'll scan...
And it's all fast.
So bindings, you really have... I'm very fond of bindings, but also I have to say I'm not... I don't like to collect bindings for their own sake.
I mean, unless I like the content as well, it really doesn't give me much pleasure.
I really don't want to buy them just for the findings.
So there has to be some content in there.
Yes, uh-huh.
Also, I wouldn't like you to think that I just like big and fabulous.
That's a natural fact.
I mean, some of the things I like best are usually very small.
Those little elsevers, they don't come much smaller than that, unless you go to miniature books.
A text I very much like by Jean-Paul Sartre, his famous essay on the existentialism, and actually I had this done myself, I found the book, which I found very attractive because it's copy number one of the numbered edition.
So you had a rebound?
Now, did you retain the original binding?
Yes.
You know, you can do that on the French binding, retaining the wrappers, so you don't actually take away from the value.
That's almost the perfect way to have a beautiful binding and to still respect the integrity of the original book.
Exactly, yes, I think so.
I've got fond of children's books also.
For instance, there's this French artist called Benjamin Rabier, who's sort of the predecessor of Hergé who did the Tintin.
And this is a copy of one of these albums with all the original drawings and the color proofs.
That's wonderful.
What's the year on this approximately?
The 20th.
So your kind of collection is what it was.
It's basically you defined what it was.
It didn't have to
There were no specific items that had to be on there.
They really had to be things that pleased you, apparently.
Yes.
It's not like collecting a certain author or a certain illustrator.
It may grow out of it, but it usually wasn't a necessity.
Here I have some more English books, you know, like that's the first edition you need to prove.
Christmas books by Charles Dickens.
I just bought the set of the first edition of Pinocchio, which is very rare.
It is very rare.
Or a wonderful copy of The Sentimental Journey.
Look at that.
I mean, this may not appeal to everyone, but I thought it's extraordinary that someone at the turn of the century had this found in France
And it's a copy of Robert Ho.
Oh, that's Robert Ho.
Yeah, it's a large, very good copy.
What's the book again?
A Sentimental Journey.
And it's a subscriber's copy with the name inscribed and everything.
It's just about... Who found that for Ho?
Mercier.
Stephen Gooden, the English engraver.
He was considered to be the finest engraver of the century in England.
This is Jesus' favorite, one of eight coffees on balance.
And the engraver, what's for it?
Steven.
Yeah, it's P.H.
Burton.
That's very lovely.
The paper is magnificent.
It's vellum, actually.
It's vellum.
You said that one that made on vellum.
I'm sorry.
That whole book is vellum.
Wow.
Wonderful.
That is absolutely exquisite.
And the binding is, again... This is the publisher's binding.
That's the publisher's binding?
Yeah.
One of my favorites.
First edition of the Confessions of the English... Oh, my God.
In the jewel-climbing buzzing.
Again, maybe in Congress, but it's so beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Beautiful.
A very choice.
You know, the stock is probably... How many volumes would you estimate?
I have 2,000 items.
So it's a very choice select.
Although I do quite like to... I do not want to give the impression that I am only from the very large, very expensive book.
Again, I very much
like very little charming books.
This is quite a well-known writer of the early 20th century, German one.
And I don't know, something like that I just love.
But it's in perfect condition, which matters a lot, doesn't it?
Yeah.
But I've tried to buy small books, cheap books.
But they have to be in the right condition.
So, again, it's just as difficult to find, to buy the expensive ones.
Well, if you're looking for the best possible condition.
Sometimes these little things are much rarer than, like I said, I mean, if you have a schedule, everybody goes, oh, a schedule.
Any year, in any year, you can buy five or ten shades, and you can have a little book, which is worth it.
You'll see once in a lifetime.
Look at this issue.
1847.
Look at the condition.
No foxing.
It's a German satirical book.
Wonderful.
Excellent.
I'm not going to...